When we upload a file one of the elements in the array is an error code.
The error code will be a number which corresponds to one of these constants.
If it's 0 0 this error o k. Constant then the file was uploaded successfully.
If it's not 0.
In other words one of these other values then an error has occurred with the upload.
For example if the value is 4 then no file was uploaded.
So if I submit the farm without selecting a file in the file input control first the error code is indeed
for.
As there are various error codes to take into account.
Let's add a switch statement passing in the value of the error code from the files array.
If the code matches the error O K constant then we don't actually want to do anything.
The upload is okay so we'll just break out of the switch if the error matches the no file.
Constant.
Then we want to handle that.
We're going to be performing several steps in this section to validate the uploaded file.
So let's throw an exception here with a custom message.
Then later on we can catch any exceptions thrown and handled them.
Let's not forget to break out of this case block.
Now we could add a case block for each possible error code.
But a lot of these error conditions are unlikely.
Plus we also want the default case to handle any additional error codes that might be added to p s p
at a later date.
So to handle the rest of these error codes Let's add a default case where will throw an exception with
a generic error message then to handle the exceptions thrown.
Let's wrap the switch statement in a tribal arc with a corresponding catch block where we'll just print
out the error message for now.
So now if I submit the farm without selecting a file we get the error message printed out.
If I do select a file and submit the form no error message is shown.